Autoinstall Intro rewrite (#528)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/client-configuration/pages/autoinstallation-methods.adoc

= Introduction

Kickstart and {ay} configuration files allow you to automate system installations for traditional clients.
This is especially useful if you need to install a large number of clients.

For {sle} clients, use {ay}.
When you have created an {ay} file, you can upload it and manage it with {productname}.

For {rhel} clients, use Kickstart.
Kickstart files are created, modified, and managed within the {productname} {webui}.

> The Cobbler installation server allows you to automate baremetal installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cobbler installation server allows you to automate bare-metal installations.
```
(we spell it this way in the Web UI: Admin > Manager Config > Bare-metal Systems.)  In general, the term seems to be deprecated these days.  I think we should replace it with "physical system installations", or something similar.

Author: We probably should make it bare metal, according to this: https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=baremetal%2Cbare-metal%2Cbare+metal&year_start=1900&year_end=2008&corpus=15&smoothing=3&share=&direct_url=t1%3B%2Cbaremetal%3B%2Cc0%3B.t1%3B%2Cbare%20-%20metal%3B%2Cc0%3B.t1%3B%2Cbare%20metal%3B%2Cc0

Although I agree with you on using a different term altogether, that's probably a different argument :wink:
